= agilezen_flowdock_relay

== Why?

Our team uses AgileZen and Flowdock. Flowdock is great... we have aggregated notifications from all
the sources (Github, deployment servers, Twitter, etc), but unfortunately AgileZen doesn't directly
support any means of pushing notifications to Flowdock, except email.

We set up email notifications from AgileZen into the flow, but I quickly realized the problem with
this approach. The notifications are meant for users, not projects. Once I added a new project to
AgileZen and started working on it, all the notifications for that were pumped into my flow for the
other project.

== About

Now, I could set up an email filter to fix this, but I chose to write a Jabber bot
that listens for messages from AgileZen and intelligently constructs notifications for only the
actions we care about, then send them to Flowdock through its API instead of email.

The other benefit to this approach is that I have ultimate control over how the message appears in
the group inbox. I was getting really annoyed with seeing "[project-name]" on every notification.

== Usage

Usage is simple:

* Check out the code
* Add your credentials to config/credentials.yml (AgileZen API Key and project ID, Flowdock flow API Key, Jabber username/password)
* Run bin/bot.rb

It needs to be run somewhere that has internet access and Jabber connectivity, obviously.

== Contributing to agilezen_flowdock_relay

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ryan Taylor Long. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

